Fix #15514: Two 'quit to menu' menu items available in track designer (#15515)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#15476] Crash when placing/clearing small scenery.
- Fix: [#15487] Map animations do not work correctly when loading an exported SV6 file in vanilla RCT2.
- Fix: [#15496] Crash in paint_swinging_inverter_ship_structure().

> - Fix: [#15514] Two different 'quit to menu' menu items are available in track designer and track design manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#15514] Two different “quit to menu” menu items are available in track designer and track design manager.
```
